Feature/cdf 8693 update sdk for file external (#96)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python-experimental: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [0.22.2] - 2020-09-14
### Changed

> - `/detect, /convert, /extractpattern, /ocr` FileId or fileExternalId is required for requests. FileId and fileExternalId are returned for responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/detect, /convert, /extractpattern, /ocr` supports referring to a file using file_id and/or file_external_id. file_id and file_external_id are returned in the responses.
```
